1.	What are your biggest issues regarding your company that you plan to resolve with this particular app?
The whole thing that we want with the app is that marketing and event planning is a really really big job. 
Especially with tons of people trying to take care of a ton of issues. Event planning is volatile and gets 
crazy so we want something that’ll manage that as much as possible. A big goal is organization and keeping 
everyone on the same page. Also for the team to know if they need to contact someone from another team they 
can find out who they need to contact quickly. 

2.	Can you explain in detail the time-conflict detection feature? What are some examples of the time-conflict feature in a typical event?
For small events you probably won’t have much problems in terms of time conflict. 
Everything will be pretty linear. For huge events you will have tons of events going 
on at the same time and it will need to deal with when things are starting and where 
things are happening. For example, in room 20 someone already scheduled an event 
from 8-9 so you cannot schedule something on that time. A popup would be the best 
way to handle it. Basically a time conflict should prevent someone from scheduling 
an event if it is already taken. 

3.	What are some specific details you would like to see implemented in the Event Schedule feature?
The big thing is for simple events you don’t have to do much but for huge events you need the 
ability to create a chart that can schedule multiple things at multiple times but denote different locations. 
The time conflict will only happen if they are in the same location but allow same timed events 
if in different locations. Basically having the time and location plus some details like name of 
event and short description. So basic necessities.

4.	For the SMS Chat system, does this feature need to implement any advanced features besides basic text chat? File or document transfer? Event Schedule cooperation?
SMS Chat: basic text is required. Advanced features is purely optional. 
Can you use their phone number and then redirect to an SMS app?
It would be preferable to have it in the app but if you all need to pawn that off on another app that’s fine. 
Whatever works best.

5.	What does “optional and editable” mean when the Event Manager or Event Manager Assistant enters in the basic team information?
A lot of times when people make an account in apps you have to have at least a username and password 
and put basic information like your name. A team name is also necessary but everything else should 
be editable because planning events is all volatile and things can change very fast. So they have to 
be able to change that instantly. 

6.	In terms of the Event Schedule feature, what are all of the different types of schedule entries a user can create? (Occasions, new events, etc.) 
Each event will have its own schedule. Let’s say the company has two event planners so one 
person is handed a convention event and the other is handed a baby shower. Since they are completely 
separate they each will have their own schedule so if you want to have a category selection when you’re 
signing up an event that would be good but it isn’t necessary for time crunch. Them putting the event 
name, time, location, and descriptions should be enough information but category idea would be nice. 

So each event will have its own schedule as well as each employee? 
Yes

So each event has a calendar and each manager will have theirs? 
Those two I would think of them separately. The schedule for employees is more like a work schedules 
like “these are the times I have available, or I can work the event.” So the company will have their 
own work schedule that is separate from the event planning schedule that the employees will use. The 
employee schedule is more like when you’re working and when you can work. 

Who are the ones that can change the event schedule? 
That is going to be set in permission. If it is a small event the event manager is probably 
is going to handle it. If you are doing a huge convention he will probably want the event manager 
plus the team supervisors to be able to handle it so it is basically just a permission system that 
the event manager can select permissions for who to handle what

7.	Can you explain in detail the hierarchy of your company from HR to General Employees?
So HR is basically to the left of all this. They are just there to handle hiring and firing employees. 
They are not there to effect the event in any way. They are there to add and delete employee accounts. 
Then when you make the event you have the Event manager at the top and then his assistant and they’re 
pretty much the same except for a few things that were listed since the Event manger deals with everything. 

8.	What is the difference between how General Employees and Team Members can access the app in terms of what they can and cannot view?
They’ll be pretty similar. It comes down to an organization idea. So the manager when he firsts gets 
the event will be able to add 10 employees to the event. But we don’t want to go through and make him 
choose right then and there who will be the team supervisor and etc. So that’ll be the general employees. 
Then he can further divide everyone into whatever the team needs. If he has a team that’s doing 
catering and food and the other is doing games then it isn’t a big deal if one team can view the other 
teams schedule but they shouldn’t need to. So the permission system can be implemented last or step by step.

9.	Should the General Employees only have access to their own personal work schedule?
Yes. Everyone should also be able to view the event schedule. As far as who can edit it should be the permissions thing.

10.	Should employees receive an email or text message whenever they experience a change in their current company role?
Yes, at least a notification. However you want to do that. You can make it send a popup to a teammate 
notifying them that they’re part of this team or removed from a team. 

When you are making an event scheduler how exactly will the conflicts work? 
The event scheduler is just an itinerary for the event. The conflict occurs when you are 
planning the event and you have 20 different teams scheduling events you will have people 
accidently putting events in the same location at the same time. When you are planning event 
you just can’t have sub events being planned at the same time. There should not be a time 
conflict for employees work schedules and event schedule times. Every employee has their own 
personal calendar just for them, and every event has a calendar and just want to prevent time 
conflicts on that calendar. 
